(upbeat music)
Alright, what we wanna do
in this video is go in and complete
the programming assignment.
So the first objective was to take the show method
for recipes and make that a reactive type
that it's returning.
So here on line 34, scroll up a little bit here,
and I'm gonna get rid of this debug break point there.
On line 33, so we're returning back
an attribute called recipe,
and right now we're doing a block.
And that block is going
to return back Recipe object.
And now if we get rid of that
we will be returning back a Mono
with a recipe inside of it.
And the ThymeleafTemplateEngine
is gonna handle that publisher.
Remember, the Mono is a publisher.
So that takes care of that one.
And then we have the IngredientController.
So let's go to the IngredientController.
And let's see here.
We wanna do the GetMapping here.
We are actually already returning the Mono there,
which is good.
That was a mistake on my part.
Sorry about that.
And then we also wanna do the ingredient and show.
So we'll get rid of that block there.
And now we'll be returning back the Mono,
and just as a pro tip for Intellij,
if you mouse over and hold down the command key,
that's when that little window pops up there.
And then we also wanna do the unitOfMeasureService.
So see down here on line 65,
we can get rid of that break point too.
And we will get rid of the block.
And then we are also doing it here.
Actually we don't need that collectList either.
And then get rid of that up there too.
And now we're just returning back the...
That should be a Flux coming back,
remember a Flux is many.
It's basically a list of objects and a publisher.
And that looks like that completes it.
So we had the one method in the RecipeController
to here in the IngredientController
and then the UnitOfMeasureService.
So we wanna do that.
And let's make sure I'm not running already.
It looks like I am, so we'll stop that.
And I'm gonna come up here and restart it.
And we'll toggle over to Chrome
and make sure everything's working happily still.
So jump over here to Chrome.
And we can see that that is working,
so let's do a view there.
That is working.
Let's do a view of our ingredients.
And the Update view should also be getting,
so that's where the UOM is coming from,
so now we're getting the reactive types there
being used throughout it.
Now one thing I do wanna point out here
is I did go in and look at the controller test.
And I did try several different things
to get a controller test working,
and it's just not there yet.
So for right now, I'm gonna be leaving
the controller test ignored.
And at some point in the future,
we will go back and refactor this
to use the testing because right now
I couldn't get a test working with the Thymeleaf
and reactive framework together.
So I think that there's some bugs
still to be worked out,
it's still very very early.
So at some point in the future,
I am gonna go back and refactor this
so we can pick up integration tests
or some type of testing for our controllers.
So for right now, I just wanted to alert you
that I am gonna be leaving these tests
ignored for a little bit.